c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\ChatForms.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\ChatForms.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\ImageCircle.Forms.Plugin.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\ImageCircle.Forms.Plugin.Abstractions.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\ImageCircle.Forms.Plugin.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\obj\Debug\ChatForms.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\obj\Debug\ChatForms.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\obj\Debug\ChatForms.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\obj\Debug\ChatForms.dll.mdb
c:\Users\InfinitusDeveloper1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ChatForms\ChatForms\ChatForms\bin\Debug\ChatForms.dll.mdb
